Restructure lakeFS Enterprise docs (#7990)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/enterprise/getstarted/migrate-from-oss.md

---
title: Migrate from lakeFS OSS
description: How to migrate from lakeFS OSS to lakeFS Enterprise
parent: Get Started
grand_parent: lakeFS Enterprise
nav_order: 203
---

> # Migrate From lakeFS Open-Source to lakeFS Enterprise

Author: @Isan-Rivkin, I'll be happy to collaborate on this section. 
Can you please suggest your edits and correct the flow or terminology if needed?

To migrate from lakeFS Open Source to lakeFS Enterprise, follow the steps below:

> 1. [Contact us](https://lakefs.io/contact-sales/) to gain access to Fluffy. You will be granted with a token that enables downloading *dockerhub/fluffy* from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/treeverse).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have the fluffy Docker token, if not [contact us](https://lakefs.io/contact-sales/) to gain access to Fluffy. You will be granted with a token that enables downloading *dockerhub/fluffy* from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/treeverse).
```

> 1. Sanity Test (Optional): Install a fresh lakeFS enterprise with a fresh database. Test the setup > login > Create repository etc. Once everything seems to work, delete and cleanup the test setup and we will move to the migration process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sanity Test (Optional): Install a new test lakeFS enterprise before moving to your current production setup. Test the setup > login > Create repository etc. Once everything seems to work, delete and cleanup the test setup and we will move to the migration process.
```

1. Follow lakeFS [Enterprise installation guide][lakefs-enterprise-install]
   1. Make sure that you meet the [prerequisites][lakefs-enterprise-install-prerequisites]

>    1. Create a customized values.yaml file for your deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Update your existing `values.yaml` file(s) for your deployment
```

>    1. Hold before [installing the lakeFS Helm chart][lakefs-enterprise-install-helm-install]

Reviewer: This line is irrelevant saying "don't do an action" and wondering "when then?" -  IMO it's OK to omit this line.

1. DB Migration: we are going to use the same DB for both lakeFS and Fluffy, so we need to migrate the DB schema.
1. Make sure to SSH / exec into the lakeFS server (old pre-upgrade version), the point is to use the same lakefs configuration file when running a migration.
   1. If upgrading `lakefs` version do this or skip to the next step: Install the new lakeFS binary, if not use the existing one (the one you are running).
   1. Run the command: `LAKEFS_AUTH_UI_CONFIG_RBAC=internal lakefs migrate up` (use the **new binary** if upgrading lakeFS version).
   1. You should expect to see a log message saying Migration completed successfully.
   1. During this short db migration process please make sure not to make any policy / RBAC related changes.

> 1. Once the migration completed - Upgrade your helm release to the new version and run `helm ugprade`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once the migration completed - Upgrade your helm release with the modified `values.yaml` and the new version and run `helm ugprade`.
```
